# Debian-Cinnamon-6

If you are itching to try out the new version of Cinnamon with Wayland support and looking for a way to mess up a perfectly good install of Debian, here is a good starting point for you. The install.sh file is a shell script for automating compiling Cinnamon 6 with Wayland support for Debian. For the best results start with Debian Sid (Unstable). It can be done on Debian 12 Bookworm, but this will require you to hunt down and install a lot of deb files from 3rd party sources and is generally a pain in the butt to do. If you decide to try this, you are on your own. If this is your first time going through the process, I suggest walking through it instead of running the install script, that way you can deal with any problems that come up.

The script will use apt to install all or most of the support files needed to compile the code. It will then use git to pull down the latest versions and then walk through compiling the binaries and building the deb files. The script stops every now and again to move the debs into a folder and install them. It does this because some of the later debs depends on eailier ones. At the end of each of these stages, it will run "sudo apt --fix-broken install -y" to install any additional dependencies. Once it is done, you should be able to log out and change your desktop to Cinnamon. If for some reason it is not showing on the list, place the cinnamon.desktop file in /usr/share/xsessions/ and try it again.

If you are feeling lazy or brave, you can just download my debs. These debs work fine for me, I make no promises that they will work for you. Personally, I suggest building the packages yourself, I am not a package maintainer, I am just some guy on the internet with too much time on his hands.

Disclaimer: This software is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a paticular purpose and nonifringment. In no event shall the author or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.
